Introduction (Gavin): A brief introduction to the topic that provides a general overview of what the section covers.

    What is cyberbullying?

Cyberbullying is the act of using technology as a way to target and harass another person in any way over the internet.


Cyberbullying has been found out to be intentional, repeated to someone, and malicious in nature.

Various forms of cyberbullying include sending hateful messages, photos/videos of someone

Cyberbullying can focus on a person's gender, religion, sexuality, race, or they physical differences of the person itself, which count as DISCRIMINATION, which is against the law in many states.

Despite takeing place in the digital world, Cyberbullying can leave such a mental scar on someone that it will effect them in the REAL one.

    What can you do?
Tell somebody about the bullying- Find an adult you trust and tell them. People that you can tell: Parents, Teachers, Principals, School Counselor

Walk away- simply just ignore them; If you see something online that is upsetting you, turn off your device for a little bit and walk away for a little bit.
Do not respond- If you provoke the bully, you might end up making things worse

Report the bullying

Block the bully





Questions:
1.  Which is NOT a form of cyberbullying?
    a. leaking images of someone; b. sending hateful messages; C. getting someone a gift; d. targeting someone in a video game

2. Is cyberbullying intentional or not?
    A. yes; b.no

3. Can Cyberbullying effect people in the real world?
    A. yes; b.no

4. What should a person NOT do about Cyberbullying?
	a. Tell someone;	B. Bully back;	c. Walk away;	d. Block the bully


5.  Is cyberbullying intentional most of the time?
    A. yes; b. no

Resorces:

https://kidshealth.org/en/teens/cyberbullying.html#:~:text=What%20Is%20Cyberbullying%3F,hurt%20or%20embarrass%20someone%20else.
gives information on what cyberbullying is, why People do it, and how to prevent it


https://cyberbullying.org/what-is-cyberbullying 
gives more information as to what cyberbullying is, such as it being intentional and malicious, and how even though the bullying is done online,
it can still have impact on the real world